We all know that Digital forensics is a rapidly evolving field. Those
best practices and techniques that were widely used in the past are no
longer effective or recommended.

This talk will examine the evolution of Digital Forensics over the
past few decades.

This evolution occurred on many frontiers, from a strictly law
enforcement tool to a critical tool of enterprise incident response,
and from thorough bit-for-bit acquisition/analysis of each device to
more efficient targeted analysis of a large number of devices.

The techniques have evolved and our capabilities have grown with them.

More recently, major device manufacturers increased privacy and
security protections within their devices, limiting our access to
vital artifacts.

At the same time, the need for increased visibility on corporate
devices is rising with our heightened exposure risks to ransomware
groups and regulatory compliance.

This inherent conflict of interest must be addressed by proactively
increasing our forensic preparedness: Taking proactive steps to
enhance the likelihood of a successful forensic investigation, should
the need arise.

Join Mike as he recounts the state of the field over years and
discusses future challenges. Mike began working on Digital Forensic
tools a couple of decades ago. In that time Mike had directly
experienced the evolving needs of the Digital Forensics field, and
available tooling. More recently Mike has developed Velociraptor, a
leading enterprise DFIR tool seeking to enhance forensic preparedness
and enterprise digital forensic capabilities.Dr. Michael Cohen has
over 20 years of experience in applying and developing novel incident
response and digital forensics tools and techniques.He has previously
worked in the Australian Department of Defence as an information
security specialist, at the Australian Federal Police specializing in
digital forensics, network and memory forensics. In 2010 he joined
Google, where he created tools in support of the incident response
team.In 2020, Mike has joined Rapid7 to support and develop
Velociraptor, an advanced open source endpoint visibility tool.
